OCPBUGS-43693: add note about secret changes (#86481)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/customize-certificates-replace-default-router.adoc

----
<1> Replace `<secret>` with the name used for the secret in
the previous step.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must update the name of the secret if you want the Ingress Operator to perform a rolling update of the router pods. Updating the secret's contents will not trigger a rolling update. This is because the kubelet automatically propogates changes to the secret in the volume mount. For more information, see this link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4542531[Red Hat Knowledgebase Solution].

Reviewer: One of these options feels more minimalist to me, but that's probably a matter of opinion :sweat_smile: For you consideration only :bow: 
```suggestion
Because the kubelet automatically propagates changes to the secret in the volume mount, updating the secret contents does not trigger a rolling update.
To trigger the Ingress Operator to perform a rolling update, you must update the name of the secret.
For more information, see this link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4542531[Red Hat Knowledgebase Solution].
```
or
```suggestion
To trigger the Ingress Operator to perform a rolling update, you must update the name of the secret.
Because the kubelet automatically propagates changes to the secret in the volume mount, updating the secret contents does not trigger a rolling update.
For more information, see this link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/4542531[Red Hat Knowledgebase Solution].
```

Reviewer: Oh - I did miss that you should throw an `{nbsp}` in between Red and Hat: `Red{nbsp}Hat`

Author: oh is `{nbsp}` new 😮? i haven't seen it before. good to know!

Reviewer: Not sure how old the guidance is but i found out about it in the past year, and I know there's not consistent awareness across the team :)
